docs(update): Adding an example for deeplinks in using property that contains - or / (#18119)
argoproj/argo-cd: docs/operator-manual/deep_links.md

    - url: https://mycompany.splunk.com?search={{.resource.metadata.name}}&env={{.project.metadata.labels.env}}
      title: Splunk
      if: resource.kind == "Pod" || resource.kind == "Deployment"
    

>     # Example of a checking if a tag exists that contains - or / and how to alternatively access it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # sample checking a tag exists that contains - or / and how to alternatively access it
```
